everyone Alison Haislip here for a nerd
HQ 2013 and with me is Tom Hiddleston so
excited you're here because you were our
secret guest your big surprise yes you
were so secret that I didn't even know
about it until it was announced that I
worked for the day I'm company there
were like three people who knew you were
coming
is that Shekinah MJ yeah maybe Dave Dave
might have known as well so why why are
you gracing us with your presence today
well because I really want to do it like
I'm lying Zac talked to by the way back
when we were making for dog world and go
to the sequel before
that's why is this - afterwards yeah
yeah it doesn't say to it does it it
doesn't know that says the dog world
changing the game we did I personally
you're like guys the world is darker
yeah it's just classier without the - I
think
so basically so I was a kid here's I get
to coming to comic-con you've got to
stop by HQ and then I was kind of on a
stealth mission for Marvel because I was
like I turned up a book in Hall H
yesterday and so the idea was apt to be
like super super secret a big surprise
so I had to kind of come in like I was
cooped up in my hotel yesterday like
Julian Assange I was and I came in I had
a Jango Fett mask from a costume shop in
London because I was trying not to be
seen in the air yeah some 150 bit
surprised that's why he didn't know I
was coming
wait you were masking the airport yeah
how did she get away with that don't we
have like scans for that there like that
dudes wearing a mask yeah what I wore a
mask it like well it's got to be
possible controller custom and then I
put the Moscow and I felt ridiculous I'm
sure like I still favored it I would
have to now do people oh my I'm losing
my voice
do people recognize you as much as you
think they would because I remember I
interviewed you for Thor yeah when that
first came out and I remember walking
into the room and thinking I had walked
into the wrong room because you you're
with that with the Loki hair you look
like a totally different person yeah I
mean it's weird I never I never expected
it like when I got the part
I mean I this I got color in my hair at
the moment so if my hair is blonder
naturally and it's curly and I generally
tend to look like a golden retriever so
thank you were the worst casting policy
for Loki but it's funnest it is like a
like a market at drama school we used to
do maths working and the idea is if you
know if you wear a mask us of some kind
of the mass can be metaphorical it could
be a you know I feel like with the hair
in the painted face is kind of a masking
there's some summer X some different
shape of the truth is expressed through
you through the Mars the French are much
better at it than we if you go dude like
study drama in France that's what you do
like they take you through kind of
everyone finds their inner clown like
every human being on the planet has a
clown but in lemon you totally do I
wonder what your plan is some it's
really a dark and evil
okay well I'm very glad let me get you
without a mask yeah the hair today
you're currently getting introduced in
there right now that's why everyone's
cheering you know your panels still down
something like 0.3 seconds like a number
that is a mutable cell down look that
many tickets at point three seconds we
did you did actually I know I had
nothing to do with that you did bless
you I don't know anyway I'm pleased that
there are people out there
nice I'm looking forward to all right
well I'm not gonna keep you from them
because they love you and you just
raised something like five grand for
charity so I thought that high five for
that you guys raise that that's what you
did we did a lot to get putting dancing
and losing her who is this the other
thing is amazing I was there to witness
dancing machine this man loved to dance
can you dance off